# CASE BACKGROUND
- The task is to developing a new student registration system for a local university using CASE technology called UML Designer. The university wants to use a web-based 3-tier system. The new system allows students to register for courses and view report cards online from PCs or laptops connected to the Internet. Instructors use the system to sign up for courses that they want to teach as well as to record student grades.
- The system allows students to select multiple course offerings for the coming semester.  Course offerings will have a maximum of 10 students and a minimum of 3 students.  A course offering with fewer than 3 students is going to be canceled.  For each semester, there is a period of time during which students can adjust their schedule.  Students must be able to log into the system during this time to add or remove courses.  Once the registration is completed for a student, the registration system sends a note to the billing system.  If a course is full during the registration, the student must be notified of the change before submitting the schedule.
- At the end of the semester, the student will be able to view an electronic report card. Since student grades are sensitive information, the system must employ extra security measures to prevent unauthorized access.
- Instructors are be able to log into the online registration system to indicate which courses they are teaching. They are able to see which students signed up for their course offerings. They are able to record and post student grades online.

